<?xml version="1.0"?>
<h:html xmlns:h="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><h:head><h:title>build.xml for project scetris</h:title><h:style>
			div { margin: 1em 0; background: #f0f0f0; }
			code { color: purple; }
			#bounce { position: fixed; top: 0; right: 0; margin: 0; padding: .5em; }
		</h:style></h:head><h:body><h:h1>scetris</h:h1><h:p id="bounce">Bounce to: 
		<h:a href="#targets">Targets</h:a> |
		<h:a href="#properties">Properties</h:a></h:p><h:h2><a id="targets" xml:id="targets">»</a> Targets</h:h2><h:div><h:h3>list-properties</h:h3><h:p>Prints a list of properties of this project (like list-all-properties, but only those having the 'scetris.'-prefix are shown).</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>list-all-properties</h:h3><h:p>Prints a list of all properties available in the buildfile.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>make-properties</h:h3><h:p>Create a build.properties-file. If such a file exists, it is updated (if there are any new properties). Existing properties will not be overwritten.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>clean-properties</h:h3><h:p>Removes the build.properties-file created by make-properties.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>scetris</h:h3><h:p>The default target. Builds the whole scetris project. Use this and deploy afterwards to do both.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>install</h:h3><h:p>Installs the project into tomcat. This is only possible if a local tomcat via get-tomcat has been setup (Note: if you're running a Tomcat elsewhere).</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>remove-xsl-symlink</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>make-xsl-symlink</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>deploy</h:h3><h:p>Bundles scetris into a nice little Web-Archive (*.war) You may specify the name of that archive using the property »scetris.build.war«</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>setup</h:h3><h:p>Sets up a development environment, i.e. it downloads libraries and a tomcat-bundle. Running this is almost the same as executing the targets get-libs and get-tomcat (in parallel).</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>setup-database</h:h3><h:p>Creates databases for running scetris and testing (have a look at your build.properties). Implies setup-tables.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>setup-tables</h:h3><h:p>Creates tables for scetris’ relations. You will need to have setup databases accordingly.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>clean</h:h3><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>purge</h:h3><h:p>Removes anything which has been created using this build.xml (Except: build.properties).</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>create</h:h3><h:p>Creates a directory containing a ready to go installation which can be dropped to Tomcats webapps directory or bundled in an archive.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>check-xsl</h:h3><h:p>Checks the XSL-stylesheets in the webxsl-directory for well-formedness.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>check-xml</h:h3><h:p>Checks all XML-files for well-formedness (in the whole project). Might take some time.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>rebuild</h:h3><h:p>Shorthand for clean, scetris, reinstall.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>reinstall</h:h3><h:p>Shorthand for install, reload.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>reload</h:h3><h:p>Attempts to shutdown and startup the local Tomcat (equivalent to stop-tomcat, start-tomcat).</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>get-tomcat</h:h3><h:p>Downloads Tomcat and unzips it, as well as creating a demo-webapp for checking if it works. Point your browser to localhost:8080 after starting tomcat, to see if it worked.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>start-tomcat</h:h3><h:p>Start up tomcat.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>stop-tomcat</h:h3><h:p>Shutdown tomcat.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>clean-tomcat</h:h3><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>clean-tomcat-zip</h:h3><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>get-libs</h:h3><h:p>Downloads libraries. See the property $scetris.build.repository.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>clean-libs</h:h3><h:p>Removes libraries.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>zip-tomcat</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>internal-os</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>start-tomcat-windows</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>start-tomcat-unix</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>stop-tomcat-windows</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>stop-tomcat-unix</h:h3><h:p>Used internally.</h:p></h:div><h:h2><a id="properties" xml:id="properties">»</a>Properties</h:h2><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.bin</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>bin</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.deploy</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>scetris</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.lib</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>lib</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.repository</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>http://page.mi.fu-berlin.de/scravy/score</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.src</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>src</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.war</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>${scetris.build.deploy}.war</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.web</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>web</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.webxml</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>web.xml</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.webxsl</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>${scetris.build.web}/${scetris.build.xsl}</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.build.xsl</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>xsl</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.db.database</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>postgres</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.db.password</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code/>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.db.username</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>postgres</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.symlink.xsl</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>no</h:code>.</h:p><h:p>Whether the xsl-directory in the webapp-Installtion should be linked instead of copied. Per default, ant will do a full copy. Might be undesirable for developing Stylesheets. Won’t work on systems incapable of symlinks.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.tomcat</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>tomcat</h:code>.</h:p><h:p>Path to tomcat (also used for installing tomcat via get-tomcat). Note: It is possible to specify an absolute path to an existing tomcat installation here.</h:p></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.tomcat.context</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>ROOT</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.setup.tomcat.zip</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>${scetris.setup.tomcat}.zip</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.testing.db.database</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>scetris-testing</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.testing.db.hostname</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>localhost</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.testing.db.password</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code/>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.testing.db.port</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>5432</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.testing.db.username</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>scetris-testing</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.webapp.db.database</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>scetris</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.webapp.db.hostname</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>localhost</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.webapp.db.password</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code/>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.webapp.db.port</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>5432</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div><h:div><h:h3>$scetris.webapp.db.username</h:h3><h:p>Default value: <h:code>scetris</h:code>.</h:p><h:p/></h:div></h:body></h:html>
